New Abstract and Introduction (#47)
ietf-wg-deleg/draft-ietf-deleg-base: draft-ietf-deleg.md

    email: tale@dd.org

--- abstract
This document proposes a new extensible method for delegation of the authority for a domain in Domain Name System (DNS) based in DELEG and DELEGI records.

A delegation in the DNS is a mechanism that enables efficient and distributed management of the DNS namespace.
The traiditional DNS delegation is based on NS records which contain only hostname of a server and no other parameters. New delegation records are extensible, can be secured with DNSSEC, and eliminate parent-child duplication from the DNS.

--- middle

# Introduction

In the Domain Name System, responsibility for each subdomain within the domain name hierarchy can delegated to different servers, which makes them authoritative for their portion of the namespace.

> The original DNS record that do this, called NS record, contain only hostname of a single nameserver and no other parameters.

Author: ```suggestion
The original DNS record that does this, called NS record, contains only hostname of a single nameserver and no other parameters.
```

The resolver needs to resolve these names into usable addresses and infer other required parameters, such as transport protocol and any other protocol features.
Moreover the NS record exists in two copies, at the delegation point, and in the child zone. DNS Security Extension (DNSSEC) protect only one copy, in the child zone.

These properties of NS records limit resolvers to unencrypted UDP and TCP port 53, and this initial contact cannot be protected with DNSSEC.

> Even if these two problems were somehow solved, NS record does not offer extensiblity for any other parameters which might be needed in future.

Author: ```suggestion
Even if these two problems were somehow solved, NS record does not offer extensiblity for any other parameters.
```
